what made you stop hunting Chapel
plenums of tonight offer you know
unclear it went to Vienna if I stop time
to Darwin and on Twitter knows when I
cannot educate you it's just tuning off
in ceramic on my merit national never
need to gain a new chemical heart or my
father that's up to them you cynical
even teams on opiate it look like hope
people's attitudes towards the Indra
changed over the years
50th annual event tab would what does a
purser carvajal one of these forms of
tunneling if I chop and do it over the
avatars if you do money sitting in a my
like a stand about what - come on in she
could kill the old neuron disease
management in Canada not enough yes our
number yeah
[Music]
without Joseph to help us it would have
been impossible for us to get near the
injury but this group is so used to him
that they're not frightened indeed it
seemed to me that they almost welcomed
his company thanks to him I now had a
chance for the very first time to get
really close to them
they could easily collect these leaves
from the trees themselves but they
seemed to choose to take them from the
hand of a human being well that was an
astonishing experience 50 years ago I
spent days and days and days certainly
for the forests with these firing the
noise but now this group is so
accustomed to seeing people around that
I have been right close up to them but
something I never believed could be
impossible
[Music]